all products on the shelves of Russian
Stores must have state
assay label obliges the law sample
guarantees the buyer that the decoration
really precious metal
exactly the stigma
was and remains one of the brands
Russian jewelers and most importantly
quality benchmark in the world
jewelery for buyer
before you fix it
stone and hang a tag she will go to
assay inspection all
diamond holding company
undergo state testing and
branding
in the inspection assay supervision them
there are several levels of control
at first every decoration goes like this
called quick dash check
rub the product on the berry stones
near the scratch reference needles
obtained by chemical
sediment reagents are compared with the reference
gold or silver match mean
the product holds the declared sample then from
lots of similar jewelry
several cut for chemical
analysis and only upon confirmation
declared samples
products pass a sample for marking
put a seed next to it
individual stamp manufacturer
however girl in kokoshnik guarantees
the buyer only the presence of precious
metal in the product
the rest of the stones to the appearance
jewelry is entirely on the conscience
manufacturer
that is why in the company diamond holding
Great attention is paid to the internal
quality control it starts back in
workshops on the casting site for manufacturing
Alloys are used only pure
bank metal and modern
equipment installed and on
enterprises controls the entire
technological process what quality
every every detail and every
the finished product happens as well as
because for each operation there is whether it be
punching bartack mount set
site about special and technological
trapping
today most of the jewelry
comes with jewelry inserts
therefore, the company has a diamond holding
professional geologists work
they go abroad where they are taken
gems for future jewelery
prime supplier of diamonds for
jewelry company gomel
Crystal Factory and Swarovski Company for
every stone we are responsible
however, when selling products with
diamonds or with other precious
stones
We give a certificate of quality to which
this stone is really registered
characteristics and with this certificate with
this stone can go to any
independent examination
This examination will confirm what exactly those
even leaves
indicated they exist they are
ready-to-sell products are still checking
times here in the central warehouse in Moscow
where are the products of enterprises
diamond holding company
and only after careful monitoring and and
send to wholesalers or to own
retail in company stores
diamond-holding sellers will check again
goods and only after that it
put on the counter we are only for
real diamonds for real gold
on real stones and sincerely
real customer relationship for 20 years
in jewelry business claims for products
with a diamond holding label
from buyers it was not say
company specialists but chief
quality performance indicators
these are regular customers and growing
product demand